When I was on active duty, we get one month per year. So, that's a lot
of travel that I'm allowed to do but I didn't do too much of it. Kind
of just stayed at home. There's this thing called the 'military bubble'
where you kind of just hang out with the people in your same
unit and don't really get out that much. And it's fun for a while. You
have a lot of money so you can do lots of things, you can take these
things called MAC flights where you can, if you're on leave, you
can travel across the country for basically free but I think I was
just waiting to become a civilian to actually really enjoy myself. So,
I just hoarded all my travel days till the very end.